hey whats up guys random comic here I
had a pretty interesting time playing
Mel of honor because for some reason in
the spirit of like Halloween and all the
slashers and serial killers my brother
gave me the idea well it was pretty much
as I he was gonna do also but he was
like oh why don't we do some knife only
gameplay and you know titled it like
michael myers or you know whatever other
serial killers are our and this isn't
gonna be a pure knife only because I I
made another account just because I
didn't wanna to be trying to look like
idiot knifing on my primary account so i
made the secondary account the still
random comment i just changed the last
numbers and i was having fun knifing
only but I was really struggling because
I was trying to play sector control and
it's hard to take a base when you can't
shoot your gun I mean trying to be a
hundred percent pure and one thing I had
to say if you want a knife only the best
class is definitely going to be a
rifleman class and the only reason why
is because he has smoke grenades and
some people might look down upon that
because if you're a hundred sent knife
purists you're not gonna throw any
grenades or anything but I use the smoke
as a like a very smart and tactical
maneuver because I know when you're
knifing there's certain parts of the map
that you're gonna have to get by and not
get killed by people using a you know
really typical lines of sight and you
know sniping position at sniping
positions so you know I'll throw the
smoke and I'll run through it or I'll
throw the smoke and then you know try to
run around the map and pretty much
flanked in a team because the only way
to knife it's pretty hard to actually
you know get a one-on-one situation
where you're gonna sprint at each other
because most likely they're gonna be
shooting at you and hip firing in this
game is so easy that they're gonna
mostly get you in a lot of times and
I've learned you know you pretty much
have to flank them you have to get them
with their backs turned if not you're
just gonna keep on sprinting at guys and
getting killed that's exactly what the
smokers for like right here I heard this
guy and I here cuz he killed one of my
teammate
and knife him in the back and you can
see that I didn't actually use the knife
until I was right behind him because
it's if you guys didn't know there's
actually unlimited spraying this game so
you can sprint as much as you want but
it's really hard to catch up the guys
that are also at a full sprint so it
does take a while to actually get used
to and it's a whole nother playing style
to actually go knife only so I actually
had a lot of fun I felt like nobody ever
rushes in this game everybody just stays
back with a sniper rifle but I got in
some lucky lobbies were not that many
people were sniping and every situation
I had I here's a nice situation like my
teammate actually kills that guy but
then here's a situation where I could
have shot this guy easily but I end up
this and I think I'm in the back and
every time you get a knife you're
guaranteed 15 points which is kind of
nice so when we actually shoot at a guy
you're not guaranteed 15 points every
time you uh see there's a one situation
i'm pretty sure that guy was a sniper so
i feel comfortable actually running full
sprint I am I don't think you can get
his a sniper scope up quick enough but
any time that oh yeah there's one thing
I have to say I want to say that
everybody that usually plays a game when
you first play in a game you know people
usually keep settings like controller
settings on the default and I think I
want to say like seventy percent of the
majority will do that because you know
though this feel like okay this is what
that button does I shoot with this
button I throw a grenade with this fun
and usually I would have my setup set to
tactical where my knife and Mike router
are switched but I actually changed that
so that my knife was default so if I
ever had a panic situation I could just
tap my right click right stick and it
would automatically pretty much no panic
knife there but I doesn't really like
but I'm actually doing it so if you want
a knife in this game primarily you're
gonna have to switch that because if not
people are going to be beating you just
you know panic knifing so first
recommendation has changed that other
thing I recommend one hundred percent
use the rifleman class just because of
the smoke you really have to use those
here advantage
I'm actually going to use my killstreaks
just cuz I really don't think that half
of the defensive ones do much and see I
do get a nice multi-kill so it's helped
me move to my next kill streak but the
other thing I have to say if you want a
knife only is make sure your sensitivity
is higher than default because I've had
situations where people were shooting at
me and there you can see how bad their
sensitivity was their sensitivity was so
slow that they couldn't even turn in
time and my sensitivity was pretty much
just like it felt like I had my
sensitivity on to insanity because I was
just whipping around corners and you
know the super fast that's unhuman but
in a video game who cares if the
sensitivity is ridiculous like that and
every time I would run around a corner I
would see a guy that they pretty much
look like they were stunned or had a
flash grenade on them because they
couldn't even turn their body fast
enough to react I don't know how to help
that guy died right there but I see I do
get a nice strafing run right there i
call that and i think i got a triple or
a multi and actually fail with this
missile attack right here I don't know
how they look at there's at least i get
there had to be a guy right there i'd
even get a hitmarker anything I didn't
think it was possible I think that's the
first one a lot of you guys were telling
me I FEI long time and I was like I
don't know what you guys are talking
about but finally it came back and it
didn't allow me to do that but I don't
know if you guys want to try it out I
don't really know that I don't want to
get in a full lobby of my friends trying
a knife only because we're gonna lose
every game I can't imagine how pissed
off people would be too I swear the
people in the game knew that is a nice
triple spray I swear the people in this
game knew that like I was trying to
knife only half the time because I felt
like people like when they were killing
me it was a head like something personal
behind it my god this fucking asshole
that's my thing but I'll doing it
totally for fun and I mean I was really
still trying to be a team player so
that's one thing I have to be if you got
a knife only don't just you know sit in
the corner and just knife guys that keep
on walking in the same room try to run
around and you know get some really
exciting gameplay
you're rushing hon hope you guys enjoyed
this video um I'm gonna try to get that
full knifing only gameplay to you guys
pretty soon but other than that I
believe my final score is twenty five
and six and i'm also going to be start
uploading some sports game plays i don't
know if any guys are interesting that
but I'm a huge sports fan so I thought
I'm gonna start uploading some of that
um but I pretty much wraps up this video
guys hope you guys have a good day or
night depending on when you're watching
this and I'll see you guys later peace